hey what's going everybody today we have
the next installment in the 10-point ten
pellet hollow-point supremacy shootout
that I've been doing you can see that
I've fired each of the ten rounds into a
frozen clay block why frozen because
frozen clay allows for the best
expansion of the pellet while stopping
it fairly quickly so as to not allow it
to pass out through the back side of it
and I lose the round they were all
measured with this harbor freight tools
sentech digital micrometer and the list
is right here you'll notice there's a
percentage on the left-hand side that
percentage shows the percentage of how
much larger the pellet is now then how
much then it started out as the four
point five millimeter around it was 177
caliber well just kind of go down the
list and take a look at these got the
scan co ultra shock up top seven point
two six millimeters after it flattened
out completely it's the best round I had
finding out in the clay nice nasty
channel through the through the frozen
frozen play as well then the red fire
with no tip
that was about four tenths of a
millimeter behind the ultra shock 6.93
moving on got the crow Magnum and the
red fire destroyer I x from crosman my
modified Beeman hollow-point standard
destroyer from crosman blue flame with
the ballistic tip you can see the
ballistic tips still embedded in the
clay right there blue flame with no tip
and last but not least the stock Beeman
hollow point Mike I notice a trend the
pellets with the best expansion have the
shallowest channel into the clay whereas
as these pellets get thinner in diameter
the channel through the clay becomes
much longer depth wise anyways all right
you guys well this has been part 3 my
hollow point supremacy shoot out my
channel has now gone HD so feel free to
rate and subscribe thanks a lot you guys